#Blog Post Number 1
##An Introduction to Myself

My name is Nicolas Pol, and I am a senior studying Political Science and Environmental Studies. I go by he/him. I know nothing about the DH minor, and only heard about it during class on Wednesday. If I had known more about Digital Humanities earlier in my academic career, I would have likely considered enrolling in the program. That said, I do have an interest for the humanities as a whole. Before my college career, I spent most of my high school career working with creative writing. For example, I was admitted to the John Hopkins Program for the Gifted Youth for Creative Writing, and took several classes with an instructor from John Hopkins University. I also attended Philip’s Academy Andover in 2016, and chose the course of English as my concentration while at the school. Furthermore, I attended UVA’s **Young Writers Workshop** program between my freshman and senior year of high school. 

Unfortunately, I did not keep up with my writing in college. But as a senior, I want to dip my toe into the world of Humanities before I give up academia for the next chapter of my life. I would be remissed if I did not take the opportunity to reinforce my understanding of the humanities. 

I am pursuant of becoming an environmental consultant, which could mean a multitude of things. I could work for the government, non-profits, private companies, or even construction sites. 

On campus, I am involved in several organizations. Since 2017, I have been the co-president for Roots&Shoots, an environmental-based organization that focuses on community service and stewardship. Through this organization, I have enriched my college experience by working with faculty members, local government, and other organizations on Campus. I have also hosted events for this organization, such as professional panels, movie screenings, trail clean-ups, mental health walks, and education events for local elementary schools. I highly recommend this organization to anyone reading this. Even if you are not interested in the environment, Roots&Shoots has something to offer for every major on campus. I am also an elected member of the Student Sustainability Commission, which is a committee for the Student Assembly on Campus. I am also a member of the Asian Student Union, as I am a quarter Chinese. While I may not be fully Asian, I do believe that I have a responsibility to help other Asian students at CNU be heard on the community level. 

In my freetime, I enjoy watching really trashy reality TV shows. This is the bottom of the barrel-type shows. The dregs of the coffee pot. I enjoy watching Hoarders, My 600 Pound Life, Jersey Shore, Flavor of Love, and 90 Day Fiance. I have the viewing habits of a Baby Boomer. 
